Integration testing = Teste focado em verficar a comunicação entre os módulos de um programa



1 - Unit testing
2 - Integration testing
3 - System testing
4 - Acceptance testing

Apache Web Server is a HTTP server that presents websites to users. 

Check if need to install Mysql to apache.


General linux command: CommandName [option(s)] [parameter(s)]

CommandName = rule to perform
Flag modifies the command (to invoke use - or --)
parameter

Linux commands are case sensitive

json API -> Sending and receiving messages in the json format. Flexibility to choose how many atributes will be sent (just the name? Name and other info? just the id? etc)

CDN -> Many websites struggle to meet their demands of content delivery only by their traditional hosting services. Thats where CDN comes into play, it stores the resources at the network edge, in a grographically distributed type of way, with a group of servers that caches content close to end users. It reduces hosting bandwidth, help prevent interruptions in service and also improves security.

    1 Improving website load times - By distributing content closer to website visitors by using a nearby CDN server (among other optimizations), visitors experience faster page loading times. As visitors are more inclined to click away from a slow-loading site, a CDN can reduce bounce rates and increase the amount of time that people spend on the site. In other words, a faster a website means more visitors will stay and stick around longer.
    2 Reducing bandwidth costs - Bandwidth consumption costs for website hosting is a primary expense for websites. Through caching and other optimizations, CDNs are able to reduce the amount of data an origin server must provide, thus reducing hosting costs for website owners.
    3 Increasing content availability and redundancy - Large amounts of traffic or hardware failures can interrupt normal website function. Thanks to their distributed nature, a CDN can handle more traffic and withstand hardware failure better than many origin servers.
    4 Improving website security - A CDN may improve security by providing DDoS mitigation, improvements to security certificates, and other optimizations.

